VAULT-22552: Add MaxConnsPerHost field to Agent template_config (#24548)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/agent-and-proxy/agent/template.mdx

  This setting will not change how often Vault Agent Templating renders leased
  secrets. Uses [duration format strings](/vault/docs/concepts/duration-format).

- `max_connections_per_host` `(int: 10)` - Limits the total number of connections

>   that Vault Agent Template can use for a particular Vault host. This limit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  that the Vault Agent templating engine can use for a particular Vault host. This limit
```

Reviewer: This seems to be consistent with how we talk about it elsewhere in the file, and I think it reads a little cleaner
